Update limitations for app protect policies in NIM (#1954)
nginx/documentation: content/nim/waf-integration/configuration/_index.md

    {{<card title="Troubleshooting" titleUrl="troubleshooting/" >}}
    Resolve common issues with F5 WAF for NGINX and NGINX Instance Manager by verifying installation, configuration, and connectivity.
  {{</ card >}}
{{</card-section>}}  

## Limitations

> Instance Manager does not support the following NGINX App Protect features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NGINX Instance Manager does not support the following F5 WAF for NGINX features:
```

> - [Policies with external references]({{< ref "/nginx-app-protect/v4/configuration/#external-references" >}})

Author: How do we make sure that this preview link is correct? This is being used in NIC docs now and the old one in NIM used to be this - "/nap-waf/v4/configuration-guide/configuration.md#external-references".

> - [Policies with external references]({{< ref "/nginx-app-protect/v4/configuration/#external-references" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Policies with external references]({{< ref "/nap-waf/v4/configuration-guide/configuration.md#external-references" >}})
```

- Custom signatures

> - A gRPC policy can be crated/edited in NIM, but cannot be compiled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A gRPC policy can be crated or edited in NGINX Instance Manager, but cannot be compiled.
```

> - A gRPC policy can be crated or edited in NGINX Instance Manager, but cannot be compiled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A gRPC policy can be created or edited in NGINX Instance Manager, but cannot be compiled.
```
